libwdi: Windows Driver Installer library for USB devices

Features:
- Automated driverless device detection
- Automated inf creation, using the name reported by the USB device
- Automated driver files extraction, for both 32 and 64 bit platforms
- Automated driver installation, including UAC elevation where necessary
- When statically linked, only the final executable needs to be redistributed to
  ensure that a driver can be automatically installed on any Windows platform.

For the reditributale library to work on both 64 and 32 bit, you must use a 
compiler that can produce both 32 and 64 bit binaries, and compile the library
as 32 bit.
For gcc, that means that your compiler should support both the -m32 and -m64
options, and for Visual Studio, that means using a non Express version.
Note that you still have the possibility to use other compilers to produce a 32
bit (or 64 bit) only library, and automated configuration will be smart enough
to detect this, and compile/embed only the required 32 or 64 bit resources.
If you want to compile a 64 bit only library, make sure you comment OPT_M32 in
config.h, or use the --disable-32bit option when runing configure.

For gcc, the best solution right now, to have -m32 and -m64 with very little
effort, is to download WPG System 64 from http://www.cadforte.com/system64.html
as the MinGW-32 and cygwin only compile 32 bit binaries by default, and the 
official binary packages from MinGW-w64 don't have multilib enabled, so they are
64 bit only. 

Compiling:
Regardless of your development environment, you must either have the Windows DDK
installed, or have the winusb/wdf 32 and 64 bit redistributable DLLs.
On cygwin/mingw, you need to supply the path to your DDK with the --with-ddkdir
option when calling configure (see autogen.sh).
For MSVC, you must edit msvc/config.h and set DDK_PATH path accordingly.

Dependencies:
The Zadig GUI application uses a slightly modified version of libconfig 1.4.5
(LGPL v2.1), which is copyright Mark Lindner et al.
See http://www.hyperrealm.com/libconfig/ for details.